So your job is to kind of pick one of
these that you're kind of interested in
doing if you're tired of input fields.
We can also do with notifications
in the various colors as well.
Let's do notifications.
Let's break for an exercise.
You can even start with this base
component here that has like a little
layout grid.
And what we wanna do is,
this is our base version,
you can even give it an obnoxious
color if you want, right?
Turn this into a base component,
go ahead and
make the four kind of instance
that we can swap between, so
we can drag in all the different kinds of
notifications, swap it to a different one
and we'll do some extra stuff
with it in a little bit as well.
Like I said, as kind of extensions,
there are a whole bunch of other
things that you can do here as well.
Like a lot of it is just playing
on the same theme as well like,
instead of hover and focus,
we have the ability to input fields.
And you can see that I started out with
an input field that has required an error
message and a label and
you can actually just make more and more
instances we delete more and more pieces.
So it's like you're gonna
have not every variation for
an input fail because like there's more
than you ever think there should be.
But like you can begin to build up
a robust components that using the same
strategy just kind of like
doing it repeatedly and
kind of building up on top of itself more
that we won't learn additional things and
doing it that many times but
the strategy works.
So it's kind of an exercise outside of
today if you wanna kind of just Just take
a little bit further.
There are a whole bunch of extensions that
you can follow along and do as well, but
why don't we do the notification because
we'll build on it in a little bit, and
we'll see the strategy in action.